README.md, before:

# 🤖 Meanings Bot

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="License" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=green" alt="Last Commit" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=yellow" alt="Top Language" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=orange" alt="Repo Size" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=purple" alt="Code Size" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=red" alt="Commit Activity" />
</p>    

A sleek Discord bot to manage and explore slang meanings, built with Python. Offers public commands for all and admin tools for whitelisted users. Runs on Linux with systemd support!

## ✨ Features
- **Public Commands**: `?meaning`, `?list`, `?stats`, `?ping`  
- **Admin Commands**: `?addmeaning`, `?deletemeaning`, `?yes`, `?no` (whitelisted only)  
- **DND Status**: Watches servers with a "Do Not Disturb" flair  
- **Scalable**: Handles multiple servers effortlessly  

## 🚀 Getting Started
1. Clone the repo:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/xFanexx/meanings.git

> [!WARNING]
> THIS MIGHT BE PRODUCTION READY, BUT YOU MIGHT CONSIDER RE-WRITING THE CODE AND SWITCHING TO A SQLITE OR POSTGRESQL DB.

> [!NOTE]
> THIS IS A PURE HOBBY BOT INTENDED TO HAVE SOME FUN IN DISCORD CHANNELS.

## 👥 Contributors

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/Sacul0457">
        <img src="https://github.com/Sacul0457.png" width="100px;" style="border-radius:10px;" alt="Sacul0457"/>
        <br />
        <b>Sacul0457</b>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/xFanexx">
        <img src="https://github.com/xFanexx.png" width="100px;" style="border-radius:10px;" alt="xFanexx"/>
        <br />
        <b>xFanexx</b>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/Chandramauli-Arm64">
        <img src="https://github.com/Chandramauli-Arm64.png" width="100px;" style="border-radius:10px;" alt="Chandramauli"/>
        <br />
        <b>Chandramauli</b>
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

linked commands.md in README.md

README.md, after:

# 🤖 Meanings Bot

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="License" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=green" alt="Last Commit" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=yellow" alt="Top Language" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=orange" alt="Repo Size" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=purple" alt="Code Size" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/xFanexx/meanings?style=flat-square&color=red" alt="Commit Activity" />
</p>    

A sleek Discord bot to manage and explore slang meanings, built with Python. Offers public commands for all and admin tools for whitelisted users. Runs on Linux with systemd support!

## ✨ Features
- **Public Commands**: `?meaning`, `?list`, `?stats`, `?ping`  
- **Admin Commands**: `?addmeaning`, `?deletemeaning`, `?yes`, `?no` (whitelisted only)  
- **DND Status**: Watches servers with a "Do Not Disturb" flair  
- **Scalable**: Handles multiple servers effortlessly 
- [Commands](commands.md) Check this for all commands

## 🚀 Getting Started
1. Clone the repo:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/xFanexx/meanings.git

> [!WARNING]
> THIS MIGHT BE PRODUCTION READY, BUT YOU MIGHT CONSIDER RE-WRITING THE CODE AND SWITCHING TO A SQLITE OR POSTGRESQL DB.

> [!NOTE]
> THIS IS A PURE HOBBY BOT INTENDED TO HAVE SOME FUN IN DISCORD CHANNELS.

## 👥 Contributors

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/Sacul0457">
        <img src="https://github.com/Sacul0457.png" width="100px;" style="border-radius:10px;" alt="Sacul0457"/>
        <br />
        <b>Sacul0457</b>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/xFanexx">
        <img src="https://github.com/xFanexx.png" width="100px;" style="border-radius:10px;" alt="xFanexx"/>
        <br />
        <b>xFanexx</b>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/Chandramauli-Arm64">
        <img src="https://github.com/Chandramauli-Arm64.png" width="100px;" style="border-radius:10px;" alt="Chandramauli"/>
        <br />
        <b>Chandramauli</b>
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
